---
title: Acceptable Use Policy
---

# AIRFOLD ACCEPTABLE USE POLICY

**Effective Date: May 6, 2025**

## 1. INTRODUCTION

This Acceptable Use Policy ("AUP") governs your use of the Airfold website, Airfold Data Platform, and any associated
services (collectively, the "Services") provided by Airfold, Inc. ("Airfold", "we", "us", or "our"). By using any of the
Services, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to comply with this AUP.

This AUP forms part of the legal agreement between you and Airfold, together with the Airfold Terms of Service and any
other applicable terms or policies referenced therein (together, the "Agreement"). Violations of this AUP may result in
suspension or termination of your access to the Services, and/or other legal actions as specified in the Agreement.

Capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the meaning set forth in the Agreement.

## 2. PROHIBITED ACTIVITIES

You may not use the Services to:

### 2.1 Illegal Activities

Engage in, promote, or facilitate any activity that violates applicable laws or regulations, including but not limited
to:

a) Violations of data privacy laws, export control and sanctions laws, or intellectual property laws

b) Phishing, spoofing, or other fraudulent or deceptive activities

c) Activities related to illegal gambling, the distribution of controlled substances, or human trafficking

d) Any activities in violation of laws concerning child protection, including but not limited to the collection of data
from children under the applicable minimum age in your jurisdiction without proper consent and compliance with relevant
regulations

### 2.2 Harmful Content

Store, process, or distribute any information, material, or data that:

a) Is harassing, threatening, infringing, libelous, unlawful, obscene, or promotes discrimination or violence

b) Violates the privacy or personal data rights of any third party

c) Contains viruses, malware, spyware, ransomware, or any other malicious or harmful code

d) Comprises unauthorized bulk or commercial messages (spam)

### 2.3 Service Disruption

Interfere with, disrupt, or compromise the security, integrity, or performance of the Services or the data contained
therein by:

a) Accessing, tampering with, or using non-public areas of the Services, Airfold's systems, or the technical delivery
systems of its providers

b) Attempting to probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of any system or network or breach security or authentication
measures

c) Knowingly overburdening or disrupting the normal functioning of the Services through excessive usage, denial of
service attacks, or other abusive actions

d) Interfering with the proper functioning of any security feature of the Services

### 2.4 Unauthorized Access

a) Use automated means (e.g., bots, scrapers) to access the Services or scrape, harvest, or extract data from the
Services, without the express, prior written consent of Airfold

b) Attempt to access any other user's account or data without proper authorization

c) Impersonate any person or entity or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity

### 2.5 Competitive Actions

a) Use the Services to assist in the creation or development of any competitive product or services

b) Use the Services to collect data or information for the purpose of creating a competing service

c) Utilize the Services for any other competitive purposes that could harm Airfold's business interests

### 2.6 System Resource Abuse

a) Use the Services in a manner that consumes a disproportionate amount of system resources relative to typical usage
patterns and negatively impacts other customers

b) Utilize the Services to engage in cryptocurrency mining or other computationally intensive tasks unrelated to the
intended use of the Services

c) Perform load testing, stress testing, or benchmarking on the Services without explicit prior written approval from
Airfold

### 2.7 High-Risk Use

Use the Services in any high-risk applications where the failure of the Services could lead to death, personal injury,
or severe environmental damage, including but not limited to the operation of nuclear facilities, air traffic control
systems, life support systems, or weapons systems, unless specifically authorized in writing by Airfold.

## 3. BENCHMARKING

Notwithstanding anything in the Agreement to the contrary, you may perform benchmark, evaluation, or comparative tests
of the Services (each, a "Benchmark"), provided, however, that if you publish any Benchmark, or direct and/or permit any
third party to publish any Benchmark (whether performed by you or a third party), you must:

a) Disclose (or require such third party to disclose, as applicable) to Airfold and include in any public disclosure of
the results of any such Benchmark, all information necessary to replicate such Benchmark, including methodology,
configurations, and technical environment details

b) Agree that Airfold may perform and disclose, and/or direct and permit third parties to perform and disclose, the
results of Benchmarks of your products or services, to the extent they are in any way competitive with the Services,
notwithstanding any restrictions on Benchmarks in the terms and conditions that govern the use of your products or
services

c) Ensure any publication of Benchmark results presents an accurate and fair comparison, with proper disclosure of all
material variables and considerations

## 4. MONITORING AND ENFORCEMENT

### 4.1 Monitoring

Airfold reserves the right to monitor your use of the Services to ensure compliance with this AUP, the Agreement, and
applicable laws. However, Airfold is not obligated to monitor all content or usage of the Services.

### 4.2 Enforcement

Airfold reserves the right to investigate any suspected or alleged violation of this AUP and take appropriate action to
prevent further violations, including, but not limited to:

a) Throttling usage or implementing temporary usage restrictions

b) Removing or requiring the removal of data and/or content

c) Suspending or terminating access to the Services

d) Pursuing legal remedies and reporting unlawful activities to appropriate authorities

e) Charging you for reasonable administrative costs and expenses incurred in connection with enforcement of this AUP,
including as a result of Airfold's investigation of violations

### 4.3 Reporting Violations

If you become aware of any violation of this AUP, you are encouraged to report it to Airfold by contacting us
at [legal@airfold.co](mailto:legal@airfold.co).

## 5. AMENDMENTS

Airfold reserves the right to update or modify this AUP at any time. Changes will be effective upon posting the updated
AUP to [https://docs.airfold.co/legal/acceptable-use-policy](https://docs.airfold.co/legal/acceptable-use-policy). Your
continued use of the Services after the posting of the revised AUP constitutes your acceptance of the changes.

We will make reasonable efforts to notify customers of material changes to this AUP through the Services or by email to
the email address associated with your account.

## 6. CONTACT INFORMATION

If you have questions or concerns regarding this AUP, please contact us at [legal@airfold.co](mailto:legal@airfold.co)
